versions: add entry for CoCo operator (#1891)
confidential-containers/cloud-api-adaptor: docs/Release-Process.md

If the `main` branch was not already unlocked, then ask an admin to do this now.

> The CoCo operator reference on the [versions.yaml](../src/cloud-api-adaptor/versions.yaml) should be reverted to use the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CoCo operator reference commit in the [versions.yaml](../src/cloud-api-adaptor/versions.yaml) should be reverted to use the latest version.
```
